Psalm 49 to the chief musician a psalm
of the sons of coda hear this all
peoples give ear all inhabitants of the
world both low and high rich and poor
together my mouth shall speak wisdom and
the meditation of my heart shall give
understanding
I will incline my ear to a proverb I
will disclose my dark saying on the harp
why should I fear in the days of evil
when the iniquity at my heel surrounds
me those who trust in their wealth and
boast in the multitude of their riches
none of them and by any means redeem his
brother nor give to God a ransom for him
for the redemption of their souls is
costly and it shall cease forever that
he should continue to live eternally and
not see the pit for he sees wise men die
likewise the fool and the senseless
person perish and leave their wealth to
others their inner thought is that their
houses will last forever their dwelling
places to all generations they call
their lands after their own names
nevertheless man going honor does not
remain he is like the beasts that perish
this is the way of those who are foolish
and of their posterity who approved
their sayings like sheep they are laid
in the grave death shall feed on them
the upright shall have dominion over
them in the morning and their beauty
shall be consumed in the grave far from
their dwelling but God will redeem my
soul from the power of the grave for he
shall receive me do not be afraid when
one becomes rich when the glory of his
house is increased for when he dies he
shall carry nothing away his glory shall
not descend after him though while he
lives he blesses himself for men will
praise you when you do well for yourself
he shall go to the generation of his
father's they shall never see light a
man who is in honor yet does not
understand it's like the beasts that
perish
[Music]